# Season 4

## Week 1 - **Simon**

### Events

We see a large globule of water floating past, lending hope to the possibility
of non-Pillar based sources of water.

### Ants take over

Take over the administration of trade, crops, farming, water distribution,
etc...

### Project

Penelope's Airship leaves water hunting.

## Week 2 - **Patrick**

### Events

Kalaghar is accused of leading the spider revolt, and is executed.

### Project

Ascendency

## Week 3 - **Hodgins**

### Events

All children start crying.

*Capstone*: This is obviously not great, but we can deal with it later. We need
to ascend.

*Pastel*: Kalaghar was a great inspiration to the youth of this great state of
Kavst. You did not appreciate the work he did in maintaining your childrens
spirits.

*The Queen*: Guards remove Pastel. We will hand out earplugs to parents. Get
back to work

### Discovery

Admist the stored grain, someone has stashed the body of an Ant has been killed
by a spider. This ant has a single wing.

## Week 4 - **Simon**

### Event

Huge excavation project underneath Kavst to reclaim tunnels and use them for
storage.

### Discovery

A mural is discovered deep in the underground depicting a story of various
different histories. Speaking of a time once before when there was a great
calamity. Things happening to those below, consuming communities which could not
rise fast enough.

## Week 5 - **Patrick**

### Event

Tunnels end early but archives are not included in the storage.

### Project

Discover what you can from the Mural

## Week 6 - **Hodgins**

### Event

Emerging from a hidden corner of the island. A portion of the flesh monster has
coagulated into aperson. *Dazzer* the great Clown. They offer to relieve all
children of their great depression.

### Water

Succefull return bringing the large globule of water.

### Project

Book smuggling

## Week 7 - **Simon**

### Event

All projects end. We ascend

### Project

Begin building a new planting zone

## Week 8 - **Patrick**

### Event

Spiders begin building a web around the island

### Project

Build serpent nests in tunnels

## Week 9 - **Hodgins**

### Event

### Farms built

### Nest built

### Discovery

The bones of the big hand we abandoned is being devoured by a swarm of bone
ships.

## Week 10 - **Simon**

### Events

Everyone is cold, tired, and miserable.

### Discussion

*Capstone*: We have not formally come to a decision as to how to approach the
above societies. Especially those of the bone ascendency.

*Child*: Are they gonna take our bones!??!!?!?!

*Penelope*: I'll lead the diplomatic mission

## Week 11 - **Patrick**

### Event

The diplomatic mission is never heard from. Penelope, the Capstone, Pulton,
Chitter, Pastel.

### Discussion

*The Queen*: What do, stay in middle or go up

*Thoughtfullness*: It is very concering what happened to the diplomatic party.
However, it is simply possible that they had good bones. Or it is possible they
negotiate still. What we know for certain is that those below would wish harm.
If we need prepare for violence above, that is preferable to staying here. We
must continue to rise.

*Lista*: We showed that integration of our societies is possible. We should not
give up on the possibility of integration with the bone ascendency.

## Week 12 - **Hodgins**
