# Season 3

## Week 1 - **Hodgins**

### Event

The *Colony of the Return* arrives, consistent of spiderlings, birdlings, antlings, and more. They believe all life was cast down from above, and through faith one can return to the above-place. They wish to sail up the **Pillar** to achieve their goal.

### Project

The *Dock Workers* begin building an air traffic control centre. It will be
completed in 4 weeks.

## Week 2 - **Simon**

### Event

*Scuttle* is caught trying to prevent de-assimilation attempts causing absolute
outrage, seeing this as an attempt to deprive this community of their faithful
serpents, and to stop the recovery of the spider faithful. The *Apiarists* are
also outraged, as the snakes typically pollinate. The Apiarists and Spiders are
protesting for the death penalty.

### Anti-Anti-Assimilation

Following the sabotage of *Scuttle*, something is removed from the bone ship.
Rather than seperate individuals, a writhing mass of serpents, antlings,
spiderlings, birdlings, and more is pulled out. This eldritch blob kills many
levitation mages, and begins rampaging through the **Coils of Kavst**.

### Discussion

*Archivist Mel*: Who shall give testemony for or against the accused *Scuttle*,
who has violated our laws, and attempted somthing which has caused grievous
harm to our community.

*Kalaghar*: Need more be said than to point outside at the rampaging blob that
was once our friends and family.

*Rememberance*: When such violence and discord comes into a community, is it not
more important to consider what discord would cause someone to act out. Surely this should lead us towards a longer arbitration between the agrieved parties.

*Fallery*: Everyone saw, well I didn't see it, but it was seen by people. We know *Scuttle* did this, and more arbitration will simply lead to a delaying of Justice. Our justice should be swift and simple.

## Week 3 - **Patrick**

### Event

The blob explodes leading to a disease in which many suffer psychological
effects. A quarantine ensues.

### Project

*Scuttles* trial.

## Week 4 - **Hodgins**

### Event

The parachute spiders sweep through the islands, eating all the crops.
*Scuttles* trial is delayed until further notice.

### Project

*Sirus* starts a project to invert the assimilator, to produce a mind-fracture
weapon to fight the oncoming Bone Warship

## Week 5 - **Simon**

### Event

THE BONE WARSHIP ARRIVES. Floating towards the edge of **Harina**, with the
sparse military of the islands arrayed in defense. The first crew to exist the
bone ship are immediately murdered. The dying crew member shouts "your bones".
The second representative yells out "please, we come in peace". "Hello, we have
been assimilated into the *Bone Medic*". We are here to inspect your bones, to
determine if you are worthy to become assimilated into our enlightened empire.
*Thoustan*, now *Thariel* offers free medical aid to any who need it. "Do not
resist. You will all be examined". "We will heal all, and score you based on
your bones".

### Project

Show me your bones. 4 weeks of checkups.

## Week 6 - **Patrick**

### Event

Sirus' workshop is dropped off the island.

### Air Traffic Control

The ATC tower is built, and no one gives a shit. Except the Colonists.

### Discovery

10% of each species have great bones.

## Week 7 - **Hodgins**

### Event

Schtipp's got great bones. He abandons the island, with the bones. He warns that
the Pillar will leave in 2 weeks

### Project

The Pillar leaves in 2 weeks.

## Week 8 - **Simon**

### Event

*Thariel* is found dead during the inspection of the spider worshipers, empty
and deflated.

### Discussion

*Thoughtfullness*: Why is it, that Kalaghar continues to get away with grievious
crimes again and again.

*Kalaghar*: No U.

*Foreman Pittle*: I agree Thoughtfullness, there is a complete lack of law and
order in this community. No one cares about our citations. There was a ship
double parked.

*The Queen*: You have shown no initiative, your community is divided and without
order. My community has lived under strict rule for centuries. I suggest you
give over your legal system to a group that have already developed a legal
system fit to combine our communities. Let me rule over you so that we might
establish a civil society.

## Week 9 - **Patrick**

### Event

*Sirus* returns, preaching the good word of the Colony of the Return.

### Bone Medic

Examination completed. Your islands got a good bone score. As a result, we are
offering all who scored well on their bone scores the opportunity to join the
asscended bone order. You will be assimilated into the order, and you will
experience bone perfection.

### Bye Bye Pillar

New project, to lift the islands around the pillar up.

### Project Bone Embassy

Repurpose Selena into an Embassy

## Week 10 - **Hodgins**

### Event

Fuck the bones we gotta get outta here.

### Discovery

The leftover bonelings tried to get assimilated but lied on their exams. They
had bad bones. They suck. BOOOOO.

## Week 11 - **Simon**

### Event

The Pillar turns red with blood, guts, and corpses of fishlings.

### Project

The Ants attempt an administrative takeover.

## Week 12 - **Patrick**

### Event

The harvest comes and is *very* well managed by the Ants.

### Up goes the pillar

Blood Balloon Bouy brings bouency to base

### Discussion

*Thoughtfullness*: Get rid of everything to achieve ascendency

*The Queen*: If this can assure we ascend safely, we will assist, and organise
as is our duty.

*Flit*: We have lived on our island for generations. To give it up would be to
give up our Harinese identity.

## Week 13 - **Hodgins**

### Event

Colonists travelling up the Pillar to scout ahead return, saying that we are
approaching a new set of islands above us, who also built themselves around the
pillar. They seem just as bone obsessed.

### Discovery

Scuttle is missing.
